Maya RosenbergJournalist/Public Policy Professional Maya.b.rosenberg@gmail.comhttps://twitter.com/mayarosenberg_?lang=enhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/maya-rosenberg/https://github.com/mayarosenbergExperience:Opinions ColumnistThe Diamondback August 2019-PresentWrite weekly opinions on relevant social issues for The Diamondback, the award-winning independent student newspaper. Communicate with section editors for constructive feedback and improvement. Received the inaugural Gerald Fischman Award for News Commentary and Criticism. Congressional Intern, U.S. House of RepresentativesOffice of Congressman Jamie Raskin (D-MD)I was responsible for Attended congressional briefings and conference calls with community partners for the Congressman. Assisted drafting of press releases and staff communication.:June 2020-July 2020Policy Intern Cornerstone Government Affairs January – May 2020Drafted congressional hearing memos on education, budget and appropriations, economic development, international affairs, and tribal issues for Cornerstone’s clients. Coordinated Hill Days for clients and prepare meeting materials. Conducted research on and analyze policy issues for Cornerstone staff.General Assignment Editor Stories Beneath the Shell August-December 2019Executed weekly story assignment meetings for freelance writers. Managed a staff of 5-10 freelance writers a week. Edited between five and ten stories per week for Stories Beneath the Shell, an on-campus publication covering under reported stories. Communications Intern Office of the Comptroller of MarylandMay-August 2019Executed a successful advertising campaign for Shop Maryland Tax Free Week by increasing reach of Facebook page over 200% through interactive posts, videos and photos. Scripted and directed the Shop Maryland Tax Free Week promotional video. Drafted opinion pieces on public policy issues including education and transportation policyEducation:* B.A. Multiplatform Journalism, B.A. Public Policy, Minor in Spanish, University of Maryland, Class of 2022Skills:* Multimedia journalism. Opinion columnist, editor, reporter, and news analyst. Proficient at Adobe After Effects and Adobe Premiere.  Looking for my next opportunity in reporting.* Public Policy Analysis. Policy analysis intern at a top ten grossing lobbying firm. Experience in public health, education, and budgetary analysis. Believer in bi-partisan solutions to the nation’s most pressing problems. * Spanish. 8 years of language training. Currently minoring in Spanish Language, Culture, and Professional Contexts. Love learning and understanding more about the culture of Spanish speaking countries and use my Spanish skills during volunteer work with College Park children. 